An adventure through space where you can visit different places and play games.
Start screen: solar system and like in most Kinect games, can move your hand and hover over a planet, get a description, and then are taken to that place.
Tentatively, can visit the moon, one of Jupiter's moons, Saturn's rings, and Venus
or Mars.
- Jupiter's moon: water rafting through liquid cyanide, tilting your body from 
side to side and jumping to earn points. Must finish the course within a time limit
and without running out of energy. Then you earn a star and have Jupiter complete.
- Moon: playing darts with gravity effects. Again can win/lose based on how many 
points you get for each of your throws. Must add up to at least some minimum for
you to earn the star.
- Saturn's rings: inspired by Rainbow Road, drive a rover along the rings as
little meteors come flying your way that you must avoid and tilt side to side again.
- Mars/Venus: if I have time, bouncy obstacle course where you can jump and grab
onto ledges. Moving parts can hit you and lose energy


I will go about this location by location so that I have one working game done before
the next so that I know it works and don't have to worry about not being able to finish 
all of them.
For coding games, first I will make sure I can code each element/feature separately, ie how to combine Kinect and tkinter, import image, etc. Then I will create these parts and slowly combine them. For example, I will create a track or path user takes and obstacles, and then I will place the obstacle on the path and code collisions.


I have to play the games inside the Kinect visual studios. I will have an instruction
page and then it will take the user to the game on that planet. Like in tkinter,
score/energy will be on the screen always while the visuals change.


The trickiest part is connecting Kinect and Tkinter to work together. I believe I
must code in Visual Studios to continuously intake data, and if this is true,
then the second trickiest part is learning the lingo of the kinect code.


I believe only kinect, pygame by extension, and PIL by extension (may not even be
used).


Update 1:
My ideas for games have changed. I actually found a way to implement rainbow road so I am still doing that for Saturn’s rings. I plan on doing the water rafting for Jupiter’s moon still. The change is the obstacle course is for the moon. Mars will be the bonus round. At this point I might make a small game, such as moving side to side to catch falling meteorites into a basket.